hey guys awfully May we are at the LCS I
am with smoothie from cloud 9 you guys
had a to a weekend you just be Dignitas
what does this weekend basically mean
for you in your team I mean doesn't
really mean too much like two O's nice
and off but we're not always looking at
the games right now it's oh I get to
playoffs and do all playoffs so right
now everyone's kind of chasing immortals
right now because they're at the top
what are your thoughts on trying to
catch up with them um I mean I don't
think we're like far behind it's not
like at all behind right now we're like
really really strong individually so I
think as long as we fix our like team
play macro play we can always catch up
any time it's just like there it has a
better day yeah we're only we're still
not even that halfway through the split
so you guys still have plenty of time
nothing is really solidified yet but I
wanted to ask you rift rivals is coming
up what do you think about the changes
that they made to rival the changes that
they were all best of ones now right
best of ones in the finals or something
is best-of-five
and playing everyone I think AHA even
any teams um no I don't think any teams
but I mean I think it's like any plays
all that you team okay yeah that's
always how it was before but regardless
um I think it's pretty cool because we
need you there's lots of players that
are pretty good like I like Matthew a
lot I used to watch him a lot too
he's really smart and doing well is a
lot I learned a lot from him and yeah
just like playing new team in general
that is really different because EU is
always had like a distinct meta like na
is really aggressive like for example
just like one would be when Luke karma
meta you played like exhaust twin
speakers in those champions and na plate
like ignite thunderlord's and just goes
like small differences that like make
them a different so it's going to be
interesting seeing what their meta is
and just letting them in so I want to
ask you a throwback question because we
were talking about this before we turned
on the camera we talked about you and me
seeing you during your TDK days I want
to ask you like looking back all those
years ago what's the difference between
little TDK smoothie and now c9 smoothie
um well I mean that's just not even a
person like back on TDK I didn't really
know how to play the game
all I did was lend my skillshots right
and that is definitely not enough to
like be good make sure like mechanics
can lead to becoming a really good
player but it's really hard to play
learn the game if you don't really have
a team that knows it that well either
and we didn't really know how to play
the game in record level so on tonight
now I've learned so much I've been like
the world I burst like the best bot
laners and I just got to watch better so
it's like night and day so soon feel
like I'm watching you grow up just
hearing up to speaking about it well do
you have anything that you'd like to say
to any c9 fans out there watching you um
yeah just thanks for watching us and
we'll make finals I think this week this
year oh it's this split sorry the one
thing I forgot to ask just came back to
my mind because we were talking about
this again I asked contracts about hero
academia because he said that he got you
into it and you got me into it if you
had a quirk what would it be uh I mean
all the ones very nice I like taking
stuff in people we're not stealing but
like if I guess free stuff and I'll take
it perfect there you could just punch
people into non-existence then wait
that's one for all isn't it oh wait oh
and we're going to end the interview
with smoothie maybe just spoiling the
entire series for me thank you so much
for this interview you could get out of
there and you can check out more of our
content at state of the League on
YouTube thanks hey guys thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed the content if
you don't know Travis doesn't pay me for
these anymore so if you would like to
support me you could check out my
support page oddly calm slash support
thanks